 

 

 

 

 

.. Do Not PLAY on the computer! It fills it with stuff and just slows it down for you 
and everyone else. Playing on the computer is NEVER acceptable even if you have 
completed your work. Wasting time on my computers will result in the privilege 
being revoked. 

 


.. Absolutely do not change settings! This is not your personal computer! 

 


.. If you have a problem ask for help, don’t make the situation worse. 

 


.. Click print once!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It takes time for the printer to pick up your 
command. Check to see if you are on the correct printer. We use the hp laser jet 
P2015 series PCL5e. If it doesn’t print, open the print folder (bottom right task 
bar) and check the status. The more you jam it up with commands the more 
likely it will not print. Please use two sided printing, to set the printing option, 
click under properties and then click on finishing, then click on two sided 
printing and say ok twice. 

 


.. SAVING --- If you save to the desktop and log off or shut down you will lose your 
work. You should save your work to your own account. 

 


.. SENDING WORK TO ANGELWEB--- You may send your saved work to 
AngelWeb. There is a link on the home page of my web site. Click on the link, 
select student, and use your student id and password to go to the appropriate 
American History class. If it is an honors or on level class click on the appropriate 
lesson. When you attach your work make sure to click upload and then finish. If 
you don’t follow these two steps the attachment will not show up. Click on the 
submission and open the word document to see that it is there. The subject line 
should include your name and the item# you are submitting. You can submit only 
one assignment per AngelWeb submission. You may submit three items per day. 

 


.. SAVING A ROUGH DRAFT -- If you wish to save a partially done assignment in 
AngelWeb you need to call it a rough draft in the subject line or say do not grade 
so I do not grade it. 

 


.. The limit for printing is two pages a day. I have a limited amount of paper and 
then that is it. So if you want to use the computer all year conserve paper. 

 




Computer Rules

.. If you see a site you really like, cut and paste into Word; to get only the 
information you actually need. Do not copy the whole article; even if you 
highlight part of it most web sites will copy the whole article. 

 


.. If you need to print something for another class ask for special permission from 
the instructor before you print. If I pick up work from the printer and it is not 
from my class you will lose the privilege of using a computer. 

 


.. Do not ask to use my computer, the answer is no! 

 


.. Log off the computer each day. You have to wait till it is finished logging off 
before you shut it or it will not log off. Please be patient. It will lock up and be 
unusable to the next person. Be responsible! 

 


.. Cheating while writing essays on the computer will result in a zero and lose of the 
privilege. Stealing work from someone’s computer or printed material left on the 
printer is cheating and you will get caught. I read every paper. 

 


.. While on the computer you may do research, produce work, or access the text, all 
other activities are unacceptable. Just because you have finished it is not time to 
just play. You may use your e-mail accounts to send your assignments to your 
home to finish later. 

 


.. If you do not have an e-mail account you may use my account. Go to Yahoo mail 
and sign-in as dr_crihfield and the password is school. 

 


.. If you are unsure that you correctly sent an e-mail to my Yahoo account sign in as 
me and check the in box. If it is not there, it is not there. 

 


.. Google images is blocked; it is not available. (ask.com images) 

 


.. If you need help from home use the school e-mail to talk to me but remember it 
may take half a day to get a response. 

 


.. My computer reads Microsoft Word, do not send e-mails in Word Perfect or 
Notepad. Sorry…………. 

 


.. Some helpful typing hints --- Double space after the end of a sentence. To 
alphabetize highlight what you want to alphabetize then click on sort AZ, 
paragraphs and ascending, okay. Hanging indents are done by paragraph, 
indentation- special and then okay. 





